be a bird or a horse?
be a famous inventor or a famous writer?
be a farmer or an author?
Be a Fish or Be an Alien?
be a pilot or a detective?
be a teacher or a police officer?
be a unicorn or a pegasus?
be a wizard or a superhero?
be able to choose your super power but someone else chooses a side effect or vise versa?
be able to control fire or water?
be able to create a new language or create a new holiday?
be able to live 100 years in the past or 100 years in the future?
be able to read people’s minds or heal people’s bodies?
be able to see things that are very far away, like binoculars or be able to see things very close up, like a microscope?
be able to slide down rainbows or jump on clouds?
be able to speak every language on earth or communicate with aliens?
be able to stop time or go back in time?
be able to talk to animals or read people’s minds?
be able to type/text very fast or be able to read really quickly?
be able to understand what animals are saying or have the ability to be invisible?
be able to visit the stars or discover a treasure on earth?
be all alone in the desert or in the jungle?
be allowed to only watch a movie once a year, or have every movie spoiled before watching it?
be an amazing writer but you can only write soap operas? OR be an amazing song writer but you can only write power ballads?
be an expert in bird watching or an expert in horseback riding?
be an incredibly fast swimmer or an incredibly fast runner?
be Captain America or Iron Man?
be immortal, or get reincarnated into a new person every time you die?
be in a Saw movie or a Final Destination movie?
be incredibly smart or incredibly funny?
be invisible or be able to fly?
be light skinned or dark skinned?
be rich and only live in one place for the rest of your life or poor and travel the world?
be super strong or super fast?
be tall or short?
be the funniest person alive or the smartest person alive?
be the smartest person in the world or the best athlete in the world?
be tickled by a vampire or licked by a werewolf every single day?
become a fish or a reptile?
become five years older or two years younger?
blow fire or shoot ice balls?
blow out 50 butterflies every time you sneeze or cough out a mouse every time you cough?
brush your teeth with soap or drink sour milk?
burp or fart all of the time?
constantly itch or always have a cough?
cut off a hand, or kill your pet?
dance like a monkey or dance like a bear?
dance with your parents or sing with your parents?
die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become the villan?
do school work as a group or by yourself?
drink chocolate milk or strawberry milk?
drink every meal as a smoothie or never be able to eat food that has been cooked?
drink water that had soap within it or drink water that had mud within it?
drive a race car or fly a helicopter?
eat a chicken strip or watch a chicken strip?
eat a dead bug or a live worm?
Eat a Live Spider OR Chop off your left hand?
eat a raw potato or a whole lime?
eat cold soup or a hot salad?
eat donuts or candy?
eat ice cream or vegetables right now?
eat only chocolate or only vanilla food?
eat pizza for every meal or ice cream for every meal?
eat pizza or ice cream as your own meal for the rest of your life?
eat rotten eggs or drink sour milk?
eat sardines or snails?
eyes all around your head or noses?
fight a baboon or a cheetah?
fight Thanos or fight The Hulk?
fly to space or visit every country?
get beaten up by Batman or get stabbed in the abdomen?
get caught farting or picking your nose?
get to read and write books all day or make and look at art all day?
give up bacon or candy?
go snow skiing or water skiing?
go to a water park or go skiing?
go to Disney World or Disneyland?
go to the doctor or the dentist?
go water skiing or snow skiing?
have 5 brothers or 5 sisters?
have 5 good friends or 1 best friend?
have a body that is shaped like a candy cane or shaped like a lollipop?
have a cupcake or a piece of cake?
have a giant tongue or giant feet?
have a life-sized robot or a jetpack?
have a magic carpet that flies or your own personal robot?
have a million YouTube subscribers or a million dollars
have a new cool shirt in your closet every morning or a new pair of shoes once a week?
have a pink house or a purple house?
have a red nose or red eyes?
have a single pair of eyes on the back of your head of one pair of eyes on each side of your head?
have an elephant for a teacher or a rhino for a teacher?
have an extra finger or an extra toe?
have booger-flavored ice cream or ice cream-flavored boogers?
have breakfast on the Eiffel tower or dinner in a castle?
have four arms or four legs?
have gas/electric powered leaf blowers be banned or not banned?
have no eyebrows or no eyelashes?
have one eye in the middle of your head or two noses?
have pizza or chips?
have rainbow colored skin or a voice that sings every time you speak?
have rainbows or flowers shoot out of your eyes?
have really bad anxiety or really bad allergies?
have the chance to design a new toy or create a new TV show?
have the power to heal or the power to fly?
have tiger’s stripes or porcupine’s needles?
have to brush your teeth with baking soda or dish soap?
have to eat one small pinch of salt or eat two full lumps of sugar?
have to eat onions every day or smell like onions for the rest of your life?
have to ride an elephant or a camel to school every day?
have to wear dirty underwear all week or eat off of dirty plates all week?
have very smelly feet or hair that smells like lasagna?
have wings or a mermaid tail?
have your room redecorated however you want or ten toys of your choice?
hold slugs or spiders in your hands?
kiss a frog or hug a snake?
kiss a frog or lick a slug?
know everything there is to know or not know anything for the rest of your life?
lay in bed with your favorite stuffed animal or your favorite blanket?
lick a dirty trash can or moldy food?
lick a dirty trash can or the bathroom floor?
live in a cave or a treehouse?
live in a jungle or in a zoo?
live in a science museum or an art museum?
Live in a world without meat or a world without veggies?
Live in a world without meat or a world without video games?
live in Europe or Asia?
live on a farm or in a fancy building in a city?
live on Mars or on Jupiter?
live without a TV or without a phone?
live without music or without movies?
look like a skunk or smell like a skunk?
make funny sounds all of the time or would you rather have a tree growing out of your head?
meet a superhero or a cartoon character?
meet Santa or the Easter Bunny?
never eat sweets or never eat meats again?
never have ice cream or never have candy again for the rest of your life?
never have to brush your teeth again or never have to take a bath or shower again?
never listen to music again, or never sleep somewhere comfortable again?
not be able to smell or not be able to taste?
not have a cell phone or not have a computer?
only be able to crawl on all fours or only be able to walk backwards?
only be able to eat breakfast foods or dinner foods for the rest of your life?
only be able to talk by singing or walk by dancing?
only wear clothes decorated with pictures of hamburgers or pictures of candy?
possess the ability to know what your classmates are thinking or be completely invisible?
read a graphic novel about a overnight stocker or a bagger/cartpusher?
ride on a rollercoaster or ride on a water slide?
see a firework display or go to a concert?
sip blood or spit blood?
smell bad or have walrus teeth?
smell like cheese or broccoli?
smell like onions or garlic for the rest of your life?
smell like rotten eggs or sour milk all the time?
snore while you’re awake or dream while you’re awake?
sound like a cow mooing every time you laughed or sound like a chicken every time your screamed?
spend the day at the museum of your choice or spend the day at the store of your choice?
swim in a pool of chocolate or play on a field of milky way bars?
team up with Wonder Woman or Captain Marvel?
teleport straight into a video game or straight into your favorite TV show?
the next James Bond be Henry Cavill or Tom Hardy?
visit space or the animals of Madagascar?
win a gold medal at the Olympics or be a famous singer?
work for a company that makes movies or a company that makes toys?