I love you DOLA! Will you marry me? it's you who i truly want in my life. I LOVE YOU!!
In our village, folks say God crumbles up the old moon into stars.
She wasn't doing a thing that I could see, except standing there leaning on the balcony railing, holding the universe together.
I took a deep breath and listened to the old brag of my heart; I am, I am, I am.
Beauty is an enormous, unmerited gift given randomly, stupidly.
Sometimes I can feel my bones straining under the weight of all the lives I'm not living.
What are men to rocks and mountains?
'Dear God,' she prayed, 'let me be something every minute of every hour of my life.'
The curves of your lips rewrite history.
A dream, all a dream, that ends in nothing, and leaves the sleeper where he lay down, but I wish you to know that you inspired it.
As Estha stirred the thick jam he thought Two Thoughts and the Two Thoughts he thought were these: a) Anything can happen to anyone. and b) It is best to be prepared.
If equal affection cannot be, let the more loving one be me.
And now that you don't have to be perfect, you can be good.
There are more things in Heaven and Earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy.
America, I've given you all and now I'm nothing.
It might be that to surrender to happiness was to accept defeat, but it was a defeat better than many victories.
At the still point, there the dance is.
Once upon a time there was a boy who loved a girl, and her laughter was a question he wanted to spend his whole life answering.
In spite of everything, I still believe people are really good at heart.
The pieces I am, she gather them and gave them back to me in all the right order.
How wild it was, to let it be.
Do I dare / Disturb the universe?
She was lost in her longing to understand.
She was becoming herself and daily casting aside that fictitious self which we assume like a garment with which to appear before the world.
We cross our bridges as we come to them and burn them behind us, with nothing to show for our progress except a memory of the smell of smoke, and the presumption that once our eyes watered.
The half life of love is forever.
I celebrate myself, and sing myself.
There are darknesses in life and there are lights, and you are one of the lights, the light of all lights.
Tomorrow is always fresh, with no mistakes in it yet.
I could hear the human noise we sat there making, not one of us moving, not even when the room went dark.
I would always rather be happy than dignified.
I have spread my dreams under your feet; / Tread softly because you tread on my dreams
It frightened him to think what must have gone to the making of her eyes.
For poems are like rainbows; they escape you quickly.
I wondered if that was how forgiveness budded; not with the fanfare of epiphany, but with pain gathering its things, packing up, and slipping away unannounced in the middle of the night.
So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.
Journeys end in lovers meeting.
It does not do well to dwell on dreams and forget to live, remember that.
Everything was beautiful and nothing hurt.
One must be careful of books, and what is inside them, for words have the power to change us.